Morgan I think I was clipping yesterday
so I'm going to turn down the volume
just slightly more uh because I really
hate
clipping okay so I did something cool I
took two bricks I washed and dried
them then I use these two clamps to fix
them together on the out outsides then I
and I have to put these back actually
right now so they don't rust because
they will definitely
rust um and then I just use a [__] ton
of duct tape and so now I can actually
move not just not
just
this but I can actually move the base of
it and it's heavy enough
that it won't fall over anything there's
some you know like if I knock the box
but that was with the old thing anyway
so I don't really care about that but uh
this is huge Improvement I think because
now when it rains I don't have to remove
duct tape I can just pick it up and move
it so we kind of have a nice recording
station here I like it um I have a to-do
list today which is actually pretty long
let me uh switch over to normal so the
first thing we need to do is we need to
take this power supply and we need to
bridge the um
we need to bridge so this is ground this
is plus 12 volts and this is minus 12
volts so we need to make it so that we
can take uh like uh three three pins and
and and put them in next to each other I
guess I could use
five maybe I'll just use five because I
don't want to risk it let me get
them
um oh yeah wait hold on you didn't see
that right so these are the outputs and
they go along this rail and so what
we're going to do is we're going to
put uh six pin six rows of pins here and
then those will power each module in
the th so if I look
here I'm trying to figure out what the
best design is here the thing is I have
these so I should be able to snap
these
okay so what I'm thinking is maybe I
will just
do this because then I don't need
anything and then but then the problem
is that all of these that I found are
length
four but what I could do is I could
just well and see and you can't break
these
apart that's the problem with them when
they're all together what I could do is
I could just use a bunch of jump
that
have we
want so hold
on well let's try to plug this in I mean
this is this should not get replaced
often this should get this should stay
there forever
but wa maybe I'll do this part
first
so okay that's in there pretty good and
then you just slot it in
here so that seems like it's pretty
good so then we just make a bunch of
those I didn't mean my sh one two three
four 5
all right so I'm not going to do the
bridging just cuz I'm so afraid of Cu
I'm being a [__]
but um well maybe I'll do it for
ground maybe I'll do it for ground so
that I could use these length four ones
okay let me get my soldering
iron
and then when I plug this in I just need
to
remember that it goes ground plus
minus and then what we're going to do I
guess
is
because I would like to use my own wi so
I could use the right colors because
otherwise I could see stuff going wrong
of like flipping it backwards and not
knowing what's up but I guess I could
just label
it
um
okay so in that case we only need length
four ones so I shouldn't have broken
those off
but whatever we have lots of
these okay so there's
one we actually don't have lots of these
really
two oh [__] broke it in the wrong
spot damn
it
three oh wait no there's more of
these whole bunch of
them okay that's four one two three
four
five six okay so this should be these
should be able to power the
whole
um
thing right now we only want to do one I
guess
solder
wires
strippers um let's put these aside for
now I'm going to get some comfy
socks
in
is
[Laughter]
cool starting to get set up we have our
fan for
ventilation we're going to need to lower
this okay we have our soldering
iron
let's turn it
on
um I don't know how I'm going to get rid
of that
um so we have a big problem here where I
put in the
connector these aren't spaced at all so
it's definitely going to short it's
literally so close to short
it
okay but the first thing to do is we're
going to make a small black wire that
goes and Brides that connection I could
just short it with solder
but I don't really want to do that for
some
reason
okay so
uh flip this
over
it's also since I have the bricks under
it it's also slightly higher up which is
nice because I think it gets my whole
workspace the problem is resolution then
right like you can't zoom and it's low
resolution
but you
know cameras are so
expensive a good live streaming camera
so
expensive [__] it I'm not going to [__]
this up so in that case I am also going
to going to make a small blue tiny blue
wire
okay should be hot enough by now oh wait
I put it the wrong
way
the glare from the sun isn't ideal but
maybe I can get it it's in the
shade just two wires just two wires no
way anything could go wrong okay it's
melting
this
okay now I'm going to get out my
multimeter and just test
that everything is
good so what we did is
uh right here so now we should be able
to have -2 + 12 ground and
so
then we'll do that
um oh and I need to get
glasses
[Music]
so
okay we're going to try
this
it's almost
out oh
yeah
cool we actually did it it wasn't as
hard as I thought it was going to
be now the problem
is getting it back in
there it's probably still
hot maybe I'll cut it and I'll attach a
solid core wire to it uh I'll have to go
get some heat ring
tubing um but let's get the multimeter
and just do the basic
test I need the good
probes this is
fine
oh for this we probably do want
to okay so now it's like it's from my
view that's
useful okay so now we want to go to
continuity
mode function so now if
I tap these guys
together
what we got a
beat come get out of there [__] okay so
now what we want to do is we want to
test
that oh these leads suck got to bend
them
back oh they they're trashy okay we need
to put this one under
there or maybe they're meant to be bent
forward I don't
know okay but then it's not connected to
this and it's not connected to
this okay cool so our rails should be
good now we need to cut off all of these
wires put them in
here and I was told that you actually
should wear safety glasses for this
because little metal
bits uh will fly everywhere and attack
you
for
I kind of don't want to cut off the
uh voltage regulator legs yet but that's
stupid just do it and be done with
it
okay I'm going to do
much cleaner
now
okay so I probably want
to solder one of the three
pins I can just use my four pins and
break them
off but I think I had two
threes that I made
accidentally where did those guys
go
all those
are whatever who
cares for now I'm just going to do
one I feel like it's it's going to be
tough to do this
because let's do it right here but how
do we hold it in place is the
question cuz the leads are so
[Music]
small
[__] you can't hold on to it because
it's too
hot I guess I could get a glove and just
hold it there and then
I can't really feed any solder
though okay I guess I'm going to get a
glove and try it that way cuz if I if I
wet the solder onto it and I just hold
it there usually it's sucks up into it
so we're going to try
that
it's going to be a pain to
hold
okay
wait okay wait I have to do this in the
correct order first off we don't need
this thing
anymore uh we need our
water okay what I'm going to do is I'm
going to
put a good
amount on a
bead
okay
then I'm going to take our three
pin put it
here hold
it verify that's the right spot lock
this
guy now let's see if we can get
one them to
bite yeah the problem
is the problem is that um
you can't really do
that and the reason you can't really do
that is that
um all the flux Burns
off
[__]
I really thought I had
it maybe I could use
pliers no but that doesn't give me a
third
hand
um maybe there are slightly like double
length
ones
same but these definitely look
longer
but I don't think you can push it up so
it's kind of
not that much
better
yeah let's just try one more
time oh wait
actually bro the third hand dude why the
[__] am I so dumb all the
time we should be able to actually
just get this
guy to do what we
want
oh [__] they actually
do uh get pushed so we need to do
that and then
that this okay so wait
uh
[__] it came
loose is that a
problem once it's soldered it shouldn't
be a
problem okay let's see if we can do
this
oh [__]
okay
we have our three pins then now we can
once
again check our electrically
isolated I'm just paranoid about this
honestly
okay cool let's see how strong they are
in there that's pretty good so
now what we'll
do let's uh let's peel up one of these
okay so now this
thing it's going to go like
this and
then
okay I'm trying to think what to do
next uh um because I really want to fix
this connector so that we can
continually test that the power supply
is still working as they do these things
because I really don't want to break
it
okay so we want to think
about the connector so here's the synth
so we're going to think about how we
connect this to the power
supply
so oh maybe I should get the other
notebook whatever well yeah I don't want
loose
paper
okay so the breadboard so the okay so
the
PSU has mail so
then
um it's impossible let's see okay
this okay if I stand over okay so you
can kind of see it so the PSU is male
this is the back of the
box so the PSU and this is the middle so
the PSU is here
uh and then there's a hole for the
cable and let's say that this is where
the three pins
are
then so then we have here to
here and then we like hot glue
the and usually male goes into female so
what we want is this to be female so we
need a
so
then then we need a
f2f glue the
glue to the back so then we have this
going here and it's it's female okay so
then what we want to do is
attach males onto
here
so I guess I should go look at what we
have
okay
that makes
[Music]
sense
okay so I got a bunch of these ribbons
and we have a male to
female wait but we want female to
female wait no no we don't we want
Fe so uh so I'm going to take a strip of
three then what we're going to
do black is always
ground so we're going to
plug
um and then it goes ground plus 12 Vols
minus 12 Vols so this is correct this
goes in here like
that goes in there like
that and then
blue
that okay and then
this goes
into this unfortunately it's not I mean
you can line it up it's fine and
then
okay okay so that's pretty neat I think
that what we want to do
now is fix this connector and then we
will I forgot to get the heat shrink
tubing and then we'll test this whole
setup the power supply and let's look at
our to-do list cuz I think that this is
what so we did
this uh we're doing this now we only
added one because we don't need to do
all of
them add the power connector to the back
panel that's what this is so this is
just going to plug in for now because
it's so easy so that's done and then so
we're ready to fix this which is a
pain I wonder if we should just desolder
both all right let let me try to do
that and then this is definitely long
enough so we're good on that
front this is
exciting
okay that was easy so yeah so I hate
this
copper uh uh what do you call it
nonsolid core wire I hate
it
so should I try to look for a heat
gun
yeah well we definitely need I could
just put electrical tape around it for
now that's probably good enough is this
still hot no is this one still hot
no let's see what uh chat GPT has to say
about uh
I wish I had a wireless keyboard that'd
be really
nice because I don't want to reach over
the soldering
iron okay
um how to
join nonsolid core wire to solid
core stranded that's what I
meant
strip oh yeah
okay
okay so we're going
to cut this
off
maybe I should have done one after the
other so now we're going to
take this
stuff
okay we don't need this
right it's going to be hard to solder
into those holes I think
which one is ground again this one's
ground so ground is the one that we can
get
into so I think I'll move the input one
one over and then just bridge that I
think that's
fine so anyways we we want to
do
twist how do you do
it
oh I see why they recommended half an
inch just to really get
it
okay so I think we're just going to try
to okay so let's just see if we can do
this I wish I had two of these things
but I I could do this I could
do
this is
hilarious I'm sure
that lots of people would
laugh at
this
it's actually pretty
good now we just going to put some on
the other
side oh wait they could come apart they
almost certainly will come
apart as long as unless
uh
that's [__] good
enough
okay so now we
added it's pretty strong let's
see it's not going to focus
um uh let's see
what is electrical tape
worse well yeah what I was reading is it
um yeah it adds mechanical strength to
the Joint which which is
actually
for
this since it's exposed to the outside
we probably do want heat shrink to let
me go look and
see
for
never mind I decided on electrical
tape electrical tape for the win
this
isn't
having red and black electrical tape is
so
useful
okay it's not the
best but I don't
care
okay cool we're almost ready to test the
power supply again this is
exciting
okay so what did we decide we decided
that the
ground is the only one that will
actually fit through
it then we're moving the red one
over
oh
okay now we just need to add a tiny red
wire
to bridge the
uh
all
right sorry guys it's starting to get a
little windy not that anyone [__]
watches
but
[Music]
looku
okay let's do a little electrical
test
oh wait forgot to test one more
thing do this all
right so we should actually be uh able
to what I'm going to do well let's snip
the these wires I guess I
shouldn't
okay
nice uh so I guess I'm ready to do the
test so
let's Okay so what we're going to do is
we're going to switch this to DC
voltage then we're going to
attach this to the plus
12 so going
anywhere yeah and then we're going to
attach this one to
ground
okay now we could just leave
this here I'll keep it
raised look at
this okay this is
visible all right now we just need to
plug
in
everything all right moment of
truth it should work I'm pretty
confident it'll
work
okay
nice
11.69 now I want
to minus
all right so the power supply works so
now what we want to
do is
test and this this should just work
now guys this is so exciting I got to go
get the
speaker so this will plug in
here oh wait let's do
this
okay so this is connected you can't
really
see anyways there I I think I showed it
earlier this is going to plug into here
like
that now if nothing goes wrong we should
be able to listen to
the
okay I'm
nervous wait but isn't
this
on should we be hearing
something
[__] is anything getting
hot all right let's use the volt meter
again
I really to have a good lead to plug
into
oh I'll plug into the actual voltage
regulator okay let me hold it
there
[Music]
and what is
ground okay well we're
getting
we fry this
guy uh where's my
[__] okay
wait okay so I'm going to unplug
this cuz that should have
worked maybe there's a bad connection in
one of these
things did I make a short somewhere
okay so let's try
again so we did the minus 12 now we want
to do the 12
again okay we're getting the right okay
so the power supply is still
working that's good I'm going to unplug
it now we need to debug y
okay so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to plug in my
batteries to this thing and see if we
can get it to make a sound I feel like
I'm just missing something silly
but
the batteries are interesting
because well I'll just hold that one but
so okay so we
have
black which is actually this
black then white is + 12
Vols
then purple
is or wait gray is gray so that's oh
it's nice that I got two that actually
line up in all their
colors okay
now we want black to touch that this is
such a
nightmare I feel like it should have
just made a
sound wait let me use my hooks
oh I think I I have
alligator I think I have alligator to
um hooks
downstairs
okay I got something
so we plug
in sa the first battery then what do I
do I
do black to
plus so then that means that red is
this
guy okay then this black I'm going to
connect with an alligator
clip okay now it should be powered and I
should be able
to
huh
interesting what about the square
wave or wait I could just
do
can hear some noise
but
I wonder if I broke the oscillator I
thought I tested
it
okay so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to get the uh
dongle and the um
oscilloscope we're going to see what we
can do about
this
cables so many
cables
okay you want
to
go to
there
why is it just sitting at 1.4
volts okay what happens if we look
at
this it's the same because they're tied
together all right let's look at the
schematic really quick unplug this
[__] me turn off the soldering
iron
I my guess is that it's just a lack of a
CV
input okay so
the so power supply side of the
integration stuff seem to work fine
which is very good
news but I'm upset about this
thing
I hope this doesn't mean having to
desolder a bunch of
stuff verying
annoying
okay okay so it's not powered it's not
connected let's stop this
then
um
okay okay well a simpler thing that we
can
do
is get the breadboard because I really
want to have the power supply powering
it I feel like that's pretty
cool okay so we need to put this on hold
and debug
this
but I think I need a breadboard out
um use one of my other
breadboards as
um as
CV okay so let's keep this
[Applause]
here
okay
okay here's the RedBoard now we do our
basic
test speaker
test
I
okay I have noise cancellation
on but you can definitely hear it and
then Square
[Music]
wave
okay so that's working so now what we
want to do is unplug this
um okay take
these uh I didn't really need to use
these this is a little bit or
whatever so
black we use white for positive and
brown for negative
okay then this these three come
together
okay connecting
to
okay and then
this
um Right comes from
here oh wait oh I I did this wrong
right
um does it
matter having black on the end is a good
uh is a good thing then you know it's
all
right okay cool so this is
powered
I mean it's not on but it's you
know okay well moment moment of truth
number two plug in the speaker and then
we're going to plug in
the uh every anything
else please
work oh
baby nice so the power supply is
powering the
breadboard so we just need a
debug and it'll keep going for a while
because these capacitors are so
big
um all right it died out um so we just
need to figure out
why that
thing so we need to yes so we need to
answer the
question
uh okay yeah so let's look
at and see what are we missing we're
missing this voltage control it's it's
so hard to plug it in
though maybe I should just wait for the
audio jacks because then I can actually
put put it in
there and connect everything up like it
should be because I don't I don't want
to s and desolder a
bunch um but I do want to test putting a
bunch of potentiometers connected to
positive and
negative and feed them into the V the
voltage
control the pulse
width I guess I could add the
potentiometer
no but I don't want to even use these
potentiometers these potentiometers
suck they suck for like you can't Mount
them on
anything just be dangling at the
front all
right
for
okay
um okay so let me look at my to-do list
see what else I can do cuz I really just
want to wait for the audio jacks I think
it's going to be too hard to make sure
the contact is
good